CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

Contributing to Eclipse Che
=====================
Thanks for your interest in this project.

Project Description
--------------------
Che's objective is to create high performance developer environments by producing extensible, RESTful workspaces combined with a cloud IDE that can be customized with plug-ins. Tools are written in Java and run in the browser. 

- [https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/technology.che](https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/technology.che)

Developer Resources
--------------------
Information regarding source code management, builds, and coding standards. Until Che has completed its initial CQs, all code contributions are made directly through commits or pull requests at http://github.com/codenv/che.

- [https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/technology.che/developer](https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/technology.che/developer)

Contributor License Agreement
------------------------------
Before your contribution can be accepted by the project, you need to create and electronically sign the
Eclipse Foundation [Contributor License Agreement](https://www.eclipse.org/legal/CLA.php) (CLA):

1. Log in to the [Eclipse projects forge](https://projects.eclipse.org/user/login/sso). You will need to
   create an account with the Eclipse Foundation if you have not already done so.
2. Click on "Contributor License Agreement", and complete the form.

Be sure to use the same email address in your Eclipse account that you intend to use when you commit to Git.

Contact
--------
Contact the project developers via the project's "dev" list.

- [https://dev.eclipse.org/mailman/listinfo/che-dev](https://dev.eclipse.org/mailman/listinfo/che-dev)

Bugs
-----
This project uses GitHub to track ongoing development and issues.  Please note, January 2015, Codenvy is still in the process of moving all Che issues from their internal Jira to GitHub.  So you may want to send an email to the che-dev alias to check on any issues if you do not see them in Bugzilla.

- [https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/enter_bug.cgi?product=Che](https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/enter_bug.cgi?product=Che)

Get Involved!
--------------
#### Report Bugs and Enhancements
* Download one of the latest milestone builds [called nightly](http://eclipse.org/che). Take it for a test drive before the final release and report any bugs you find in GitHub.
* [Report enhancements](https://github.com/codenvy/che/issues). Got an idea for a killer feature? Or maybe something you use often could use some tweaking? Post an enhancement request!

#### Fix Bugs or Implement Enhancements
* Is there some bug that really bothers you? Instead of just reporting it, fix it.
* Hope on che-dev@eclipse.org or #eclipseche to discuss feature enhancements and the branching process.

#### Become a Committer
* Committers gain additional rights around managing the repositories and setting the release scope.
* Ongoing plug-in contributors are also welcome to be elevated as committers.

#### Promote Eclipse Che
* Let other people know that your application is [built on Eclipse](https://eclipse.org/artwork).
* Do you have a success story about Eclipse? Send us a story and we'll help you spread the word.
* Present Che at agile, developer, and DevOps conferences. Contact us for free swag to take to the event.

Commit message:

Add signed commits requirement to contributing.md

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

Contributing to Eclipse Che
=====================
Thanks for your interest in this project.

Project Description
--------------------
Che's objective is to create high performance developer environments by producing extensible, RESTful workspaces combined with a cloud IDE that can be customized with plug-ins. Tools are written in Java and run in the browser. 

- [https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/technology.che](https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/technology.che)

Developer Resources
--------------------
Information regarding source code management, builds, and coding standards. Until Che has completed its initial CQs, all code contributions are made directly through commits or pull requests at http://github.com/codenv/che.

- [https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/technology.che/developer](https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/technology.che/developer)

Contributor License Agreement
------------------------------
Before your contribution can be accepted by the project, you need to create and electronically sign the
Eclipse Foundation [Contributor License Agreement](https://www.eclipse.org/legal/CLA.php) (CLA):

1. Log in to the [Eclipse projects forge](https://projects.eclipse.org/user/login/sso). You will need to
   create an account with the Eclipse Foundation if you have not already done so.
2. Click on "Contributor License Agreement", and complete the form.

Be sure to use the same email address in your Eclipse account that you intend to use when you commit to Git.

Signed Commits
--------------
All commits to Eclipse Che [should be signed off](https://wiki.eclipse.org/Development_Resources/Contributing_via_Git#Signing_off_on_a_commit) with the email used to accept a Contributor License Agreement.  

Contact
--------
Contact the project developers via the project's "dev" list.

- [https://dev.eclipse.org/mailman/listinfo/che-dev](https://dev.eclipse.org/mailman/listinfo/che-dev)

Bugs
-----
This project uses GitHub to track ongoing development and issues.  Please note, January 2015, Codenvy is still in the process of moving all Che issues from their internal Jira to GitHub.  So you may want to send an email to the che-dev alias to check on any issues if you do not see them in Bugzilla.

- [https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/enter_bug.cgi?product=Che](https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/enter_bug.cgi?product=Che)

Get Involved!
--------------
#### Report Bugs and Enhancements
* Download one of the latest milestone builds [called nightly](http://eclipse.org/che). Take it for a test drive before the final release and report any bugs you find in GitHub.
* [Report enhancements](https://github.com/codenvy/che/issues). Got an idea for a killer feature? Or maybe something you use often could use some tweaking? Post an enhancement request!

#### Fix Bugs or Implement Enhancements
* Is there some bug that really bothers you? Instead of just reporting it, fix it.
* Hope on che-dev@eclipse.org or #eclipseche to discuss feature enhancements and the branching process.

#### Become a Committer
* Committers gain additional rights around managing the repositories and setting the release scope.
* Ongoing plug-in contributors are also welcome to be elevated as committers.

#### Promote Eclipse Che
* Let other people know that your application is [built on Eclipse](https://eclipse.org/artwork).
* Do you have a success story about Eclipse? Send us a story and we'll help you spread the word.
* Present Che at agile, developer, and DevOps conferences. Contact us for free swag to take to the event.
