---
title: Configuration
excerpt: "Techniques for configuring Codenvy"
layout: docs
permalink: /docs/admin-guide/configuration/
---
Configuration is handledy by modifying `codenvy.env` placed in the host folder volume mounted to `:/data`. This configuration file is generated during the `codenvy init` phase. If you rerun `codenvy init` in an already initialized folder, the process will abort unless you pass `--force`, `--pull`, or `--reinit`.

Each variable is documented with an explanation and usually commented out. If you need to set a variable, uncomment it and configure it with your value. You can then run `codenvy config` to apply this configuration to your system. `codenvy start` also reapplies the latest configuration.

You can run `codenvy init` to install a new configuration into an empty directory. This command uses the `codenvy/init:<version>` Docker container to deliver a version-specific set of puppet templates into the folder.

If you run `codenvy config`, Codenvy runs puppet to transform your puppet templates into a Codenvy instance configuration, placing the results into `/codenvy/instance` if you volume mounted that, or into a `instance` subdirectory of the path you mounted to `/codenvy`.  Each time you start Codenvy, `codenvy config` is run to ensure instance configuration files are properly generated and consistent with the configuration you have specified in `codenvy.env`.

## Saving Configuration in Version Control
Administration teams that want to version control your Codenvy configuration should save `codenvy.env`. This is the only file that should be saved with version control. It is not necessary, and even discouraged, to save the other files. If you were to perform a `codenvy upgrade` we may replace these files with templates that are specific to the version that is being upgraded. The `codenvy.env` file maintains fidelity between versions and we can generate instance configurations from that.

The version control sequence would be:
1. `codenvy init` to get an initial configuration for a particular version.
2. Edit `codenvy.env` with your environment-specific configuration.
3. Save `codenvy.env` to version control.
4. Setup a new folder and copy `codenvy.env` from version control into the folder you will mount to `:/data`.
5. Run `codenvy config` or `codenvy start`.

## Logs and User Data
When Codenvy initializes itself, it stores logs, user data, database data, and instance-specific configuration in the folder mounted to `:/data/instance` or an `instance` subfolder of what you mounted to `:/data`.  

Codenvy's containers save their logs in the same location:
```
/instance/logs/codenvy/2016                 # Server logs
/instance/logs/codenvy/che-machine-logs     # Workspace logs
/instance/logs/nginx                        # nginx access and error logs
/instance/logs/haproxy                      # HAproxy logs
```

User data is stored in:
```
/instance/data/codenvy                      # Project backups (we synchronize projs from remote ws here)
/instance/data/postgres                     # Postgres data folder (users, workspaces, stacks etc)
/instance/data/registry                     # Workspace snapshots
```

Instance configuration is generated by Codenvy and is updated by our internal configuration utilities. These 'generated' configuration files should not be modified and stored in:
```
/instance/codenvy.ver.do_not_modify         # Version of Codenvy installed
/instance/docker-compose-container.yml      # Docker compose to launch internal services
/instance/docker-compose.yml                # Docker compose to launch Codenvy from the host without contianer
/instance/config                            # Configuration files which are input mounted into the containers
```

## oAuth
You can configure Google, GitHub, Microsoft, BitBucket, or WSO2 oAuth for use when users login or create an account.

Codenvy is shipped with a preconfigured GitHub oAuth application for the `codenvy.onprem` hostname. To enable GitHub oAuth, add `CODENVY_HOST=codenvy.onprem` to `codenvy.env` and restart. If you have a custom DNS, you need to register a GitHub oAuth application with GitHub's oAuth registration service. You will be asked for the callback URL, which is `http://<your_hostname>/api/oauth/callback`. You will receive from GitHub a client ID and secret, which must be added to `codenvy.env`:
```
CODENVY_GITHUB_CLIENT_ID=yourID
CODENVY_GITHUB_SECRET=yourSecret
```

Google oAuth (and others) are configured the same:
```
CODENVY_GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=yourID
CODENVY_GOOGLE_SECRET=yourSecret
```

## LDAP
You can configure Codenvy to synchronize the user database to your LDAP installation. The [LDAP guide](docs:ldap-integration) has the configuration and examples.

## Development Mode
For Codenvy developers that are building and customizing Codenvy from its source repository, you can run Codenvy in development mode where your local assembly is used instead of the one that is provided in the default containers downloaded from DockerHub. This allows for a rapid edit / build / run cycle.

Dev mode is activated by volume mounting the Codenvy git repository to `:/repo` in your Docker run command.
```
docker run -it --rm -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
                    -v <local-path>:/data \
                    -v <local-repo>:/repo \
                       codenvy/cli:<version> [COMMAND]
```
Dev mode will use files from your host repository:

1. During the `codenvy config` phase, the source repository's `/dockerfiles/init/modules` and `/dockerfiles/init/manifests` will be used instead of the ones that are included in the `codenvy/init` container.
2. During the `codenvy start` phase, a local assembly from `assembly/onpremises-ide-packaging-tomcat-codenvy-allinone/target/onpremises-ide-packaging-tomcat-codenvy-allinone` is mounted into the `codenvy/codenvy` runtime container. You must `mvn clean install` the `assembly/onpremises-ide-packaging-tomcat-codenvy-allinone/` folder prior to activated development mode.

To activate jpda suspend mode for debugging codenvy server initialization, in the `codenvy.env`:
```
CODENVY_DEBUG_SUSPEND=true
```
To change codenvy debug port, in the `codenvy.env`:
```
CODENVY_DEBUG_PORT=8000
```

## Licensing
Codenvy starts with a Fair Source 3 license, which gives you up to three users and full functionality of the system with limited liabilities and warranties. You can request a trial license from Codenvy for more than 3 users or purchase one from our friendly sales team (your mother would approve). Once you gain the license, start Codenvy and then apply the license in the admin dashboard that is accessible with your login credentials.

## Hostname
The IP address or DNS name of where the Codenvy endpoint will service your users. If you are running this on a local system, we auto-detect this value as the IP address of your Docker daemon. On many systems, especially those from cloud hosters like DigitalOcean, you may have to explicitly set this to the external IP address or DNS entry provided by the provider. You can edit this in `codenvy.env`, or you can pass it during initialization:

```
docker run <other-syntax-here> -e CODENVY_HOST=<ip address or dns entry> codenvy/cli:<version> start
```

## HTTP/S
By default Codenvy runs over HTTP as this is simplest to install. There are two requirements for configuring HTTP/S:  
1. You must bind Codenvy to a valid DNS name. The HTTP mode of Codenvy allows us to operate over IP addresses. HTTP/S requires certificates that are bound to a DNS entries that you purchase from a DNS provider.  
2. A valid SSL certificate.  

To configure HTTP/S, in `codenvy.env`:
```
CODENVY_HOST_PROTOCOL=https
CODENVY_PATH_TO_HAPROXY_SSL_CERTIFICATE=<path-to-certificate>
```

## SMTP
Codenvy embeds a dummy mail server which makes auto-registration over email initially not possible. In this mode, admins can create users through Codenvy's user interface or configure oAuth. In this mode, the embedded email server allows for outbound configuration emails to be sent with a Postfix server.

Codenvy can be To configured to use your SMTP server, which would also allow for self-service registration in the user dashboard over email of users. Modify `codenvy.env` (below is an example for Gmail):

```
CODENVY_MAIL_HOST=smtp.gmail.com
CODENVY_MAIL_HOST_PORT=465
CODENVY_MAIL_SMTP_AUTH=true
СODENVY_MAIL_TRANSPORT_PROTOCOL=smtp
CODENVY_MAIL_SMTP_AUTH_USERNAME=example@gmail.com
CODENVY_MAIL_SMTP_AUTH_PASSWORD=password
CODENVY_MAIL_SMTP_SOCKETFACTORY_PORT=465
CODENVY_MAIL_SMTP_SOCKETFACTORY_CLASS=javax.net.ssl.SSLSocketFactory
CODENVY_MAIL_SMTP_SOCKETFACTORY_FALLBACK=false
```

## Workspace Limits
You can place limits on how users interact with the system to control overall system resource usage. You can define how many workspaces created, RAM consumed, idle timeout, and a variety of other parameters. See "Workspace Limits" in `codenvy.env`.

You can also set limits on Docker's allocation of CPU to workspaces, which may be necessary if you have a very dense workspace population where users are competing for limited physical resources.

## Private Docker Registries
Some enterprises use a trusted Docker registry to store their Docker images. If you want your workspace stacks and machines to be powered by these images, then you need to configure each registry and the credentialed access. Once these registries are configured, then you can have users or team leaders create stacks that use recipes with Dockerfiles or images using the `FROM <your-registry>/<your-repo>` syntax.

There are different configurations for AWS EC2 and the Docker regsitry. You can define as many different registries as you'd like, using the numerical indicator in the environment variable. In case of adding several registries just copy set of properties and append `REGISTRY[n]` for each variable.

In `codenvy.env` file:
```
CODENVY_DOCKER_REGISTRY_AUTH_REGISTRY1_URL=url1
CODENVY_DOCKER_REGISTRY_AUTH_REGISTRY1_USERNAME=username1
CODENVY_DOCKER_REGISTRY_AUTH_REGISTRY1_PASSWORD=password1

CODENVY_DOCKER_REGISTRY_AWS_REGISTRY1_ID=id1
CODENVY_DOCKER_REGISTRY_AWS_REGISTRY1_REGION=region1
CODENVY_DOCKER_REGISTRY_AWS_REGISTRY1_ACCESS__KEY__ID=key_id1
CODENVY_DOCKER_REGISTRY_AWS_REGISTRY1_SECRET__ACCESS__KEY=secret1
```
